Updated and fixed READMEs ++ (#70)
fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template: dev/vagrant/conf/README.md

# Configuration

> In this directory you can add or override the hashistack configurations for the following services, *nomad*, *consul* and *vault*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Configuration
In these subdirectories you can add or override the hashistack configurations for the following services, *nomad*, *consul* and *vault*.
```
